Privacy Policy for Riadh Co-Dictionary Extention

At Riadh Co-Dictionary Extention, accessible from our extension, one of 
our main priorities is the privacy of our users. This Privacy Policy 
document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by 
Riadh Co-Dictionary Extention and how we use it.

Log Files

Riadh Co-Dictionary Extention does not use log files. The information 
inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser 
type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, 
referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not 
linked to any information that is personally identifiable.

Cookies and Web Beacons

Riadh Co-Dictionary Extention does not use cookies.

Privacy Policies

You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the 
advertising partners of Riadh Co-Dictionary Extention.

Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, 
JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective 
advertisements and links that appear on Riadh Co-Dictionary Extention, 
which are sent directly to users' browser. They automatically receive 
your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure 
the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize 
the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.

Note that Riadh Co-Dictionary Extention has no access to or control over 
these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.

Children's Information

Riadh Co-Dictionary Extention does not knowingly collect any Personal 
Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think 
that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we 
strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best 
efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.

Online Privacy Policy Only

This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid 
for visitors to our extension with regards to the information that they 
shared and/or collect in Riadh Co-Dictionary Extention. This policy is 
not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels 
other than this extension.

Consent

By using our extension, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and 
agree to its Terms and Conditions.

